  If you are an advanced user you can use the Quick Start guides below.
These guides will skip over the nitty-gritty of how everything works
together and just go through the steps required to get the script up and
functioning.  Good Luck!


Quick Start - Orca Search

    i. Extract all the files from the zipped package to a temporary
       local directory.

   ii. Open the config.ini.php file and edit the seven user variables to
       your preference.  The fifth variable is the prefix the script
       will use to create three tables in your database.  The sixth and
       seventh will be the username and password you'll use to log in to
       the Control Panel.

  iii. In your www or public HTML directory, create a directory named
       "os2".
  
   iv. Upload the following files into the "os2" directory:
         body.xhtml.php
         body.xhtml.lang.txt
         body.xhtml.css
         config.ini.php
         config.php
         control.css
         control.php
         head.php
         lang.txt
         phpmailer.php
         spider.php

    v. Upload the following file into "os2"s parent directory:
         _search.php

   vi. Visit "/os2/control.php" with your web browser.  On your first
       visit to this page, it will create the tables required for
       running the script.  If there are no errors, installation was a
       success.  You can now log into the Control Panel and configure
       the script as you wish.


Quick Start - JWriter

    i. Upload the following files into the "os2" directory:
         jwriter.php
         egg.js

   ii. CHMOD "egg.js" to 766 or 777.  Windows users, make sure this file
       isn't marked as "Read-Only" or "Archive".

  iii. Enable the JWriter extension in the Tools Panel.


Quick Start - Sitemap

    i. Upload the following file into "os2"s parent directory:
         sitemap.xml

   ii. CHMOD "sitemap.xml" to 766 or 777. Windows users, make sure this
       file isn't marked as "Read-Only" or "Archive".

  iii. Enable the Sitemap extension in the Tools Panel.

   iv. If you wish to serve your sitemap gzipped (saves much space and
       transfer), check the "Enable GZip Compression" option and rename
       this file "sitemap.xml.gz".

    v. Use the "Write to Sitemap File" button to test your setup before
       spidering, if desired.