  The Orca Search is designed to make upgrading easy!  Upgrade code is
included which will silently upgrade any version 2.0 Final or later, to
the version of the release you have just downloaded.

NOTE: If you are currently using a release marked as "beta" or "release
candidate" you will not be able to upgrade your search installation
normally.  The automatic upgrade included with each final release will
NOT work properly on beta releases.  To "upgrade" a beta release, I
recommend installing final versions into a new directory and specifying
a new MySQL table, then importing your previous settings manually.

To upgrade your Orca Search, just follow these simple steps:

   i. Extract all the files from this package into a temporary directory
      on your computer.

  ii. If you have a config.ini.php file in your existing installation,
      skip to step vii, otherwise go on to step iii.

  -----
 iii. From your *existing* installation on your webserver, download and
      open the "config.php" file in any text editor.

  iv. From the temporary directory, open the "config.ini.php" file so
      you have two text editor windows open.

   v. Paste the seven config variables from "config.php" into the new
      "config.ini.php", overwriting the ones that are already there.
      Save this file.  From now on, the setup details will be contained
      in this new ini file which you won't have to overwrite.

  vi. Upload "config.ini.php" into the directory of your existing
      installation.

  -----
 vii. Overwrite all files in your installation directory, except for
      "config.ini.php", with the corresponding files from the temporary
      directory (the new version files).

      NOTE: if you have made changes to your "control.css" and/or
        "body.xhtml.css" stylesheets, you may want to keep your old
        copies and merge any new styles in as needed.

viii. IMPORTANT: Open both your existing "config.ini.php" and the new
      copy from the zip package; new config lines may have been added or
      other changes may have been made.  Manually copy these changes
      from new file to your existing file.

      NOTE: "config.ini.php" variables have changed in version 2.3

  ix. On the next visit to the Control Panel or search interface with
      any web browser, the Orca Search will be automatically upgraded!
